Author: Jay Callicott

Please read these instructions carefully before filing an issue. DO NOT UPGRADE on a production
environment without first testing on a local or dev environment! 

ALWAYS back up your data in production even if you have tested first, to make sure that you will 
be able to roll back completely if you have any problems.

-----------------------------------

Upgrading to 7.x-1.10-alpha1:

From OpenChurch 7.x-1.9-beta2:

1. Run /update.php or 'drush updatedb' 
2. Clear all caches (From performance page at /admin/config/development/performance or use 'drush cc all')
3. Review features that have been overridden at /admin/structure/features
3a. All of the demo features are now in their own module (e.g. OpenChurch Blog Demo Content). 
    Your content should still be there WITHOUT enabling the demo content module. New installations will have these modules
    enabled by default, but users upgrading will not need to enable these modules.
3b. If you have not modified any views, etc. then only the Staff module should display as overridden 
    (it technically is not overridden, the Feature's module erroneously displays it as overridden). You will want to review
    overrides one by one and decide whether or not you want to keep the change you have made.
3c. There are 2 new features available to enable: Openchurch Social and Openchurch Video. You can enable them here, from the modules
    page, or from the apps page at /admin/apps. If you get a message about 'orphaned dependencies', choose 'Leave enabled'. The
    Openchurch Video feature also has a companion 'Openchurch Video Demo Content' feaature that you will want to enable if you are
    testing this feature on a test environment.
4. If you enable Openchurch Video a new menu item will be added for you underneath the Media (if you have modified your menus you might
   need to add this link yoursel). The path is /multimedia/video.
5. If you enable Openchurch Social, you will see new social icons in the right sidebar which allow users to share pages from your site.

From versions earlier than 7.x-1.9-beta2:

1. Run /update.php or 'drush updatedb' 
2. Clear all caches (From performance page at /admin/config/development/performance or use 'drush cc all')
3. Review features that have been overridden at /admin/structure/features

-----------------------------------